Feature/cloud rtd updates (#1779)
NOAA-EMC/global-workflow: docs/source/noaa_csp.rst

Next, the cluster is defined as shown in the following illustration.

.. image:: _static/noaacsp_instance_3.png

The NOAA Parallel Works initiative currently provides 2 CSPs for the
global-workflow; **AWS** (Amazon Web Services) and **Azure**
(Microsoft Azure). Existing clusters may also be modified. However
this is neither recommended or supported.

Finally, when satisfied with the CSP instance configure, click ``Add
Resource`` as illustrated below.

.. image:: _static/noaacsp_instance_4.png

******************************
Configure the NOAA CSP Cluster
******************************

Navigate to the tab and locate the CSP instance configured in the
previous section and click on the link, `globalworkflowdemo` for this
example.

.. image:: _static/noaacsp_cluster_1.png

The respective CSP cluster maybe then be configured. The mandatory
configuration attributes are as follows.

- Availability zone;
- Disk size and storage type(s);
- Available compute and resource partitions.

The following image describes the general settings for the respective
cluster. These attributes are specific to the user and the respective
user's group allocation. The right-most panel provides a breakdown of

> the costs related to the requested compute and storage resources. In
> addition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the costs related to the requested compute and storage resources. While there is a space to place an SSH key here, RDHPCS recommends you add any SSH keys to under your Account➡Authentication instead. This will allow you so connect from another machine instead of using the web terminal.
```

global-workflow; **AWS** (Amazon Web Services) and **Azure**
(Microsoft Azure). Existing clusters may also be modified. However
this is neither recommended or supported.

Finally, when satisfied with the CSP instance configure, click ``Add
Resource`` as illustrated below.

.. image:: _static/noaacsp_instance_4.png

******************************
Configure the NOAA CSP Cluster
******************************

Navigate to the tab and locate the CSP instance configured in the
previous section and click on the link, `globalworkflowdemo` for this
example.

.. image:: _static/noaacsp_cluster_1.png

The respective CSP cluster maybe then be configured. The mandatory
configuration attributes are as follows.

- Availability zone;
- Disk size and storage type(s);
- Available compute and resource partitions.

The following image describes the general settings for the respective
cluster. These attributes are specific to the user and the respective
user's group allocation. The right-most panel provides a breakdown of
the costs related to the requested compute and storage resources. In
addition to specifying the ``Resource Account`` and ``Group``

> attributes, the user may optionally provide the public RSA token which

Reviewer: RDHPCS is strongly suggesting SSH keys be placed in the user's account authentication rather than the resource definition.

Author: Yes. However this is the suggestion from the RDHPCS CSP help desk.

_Parallel Works platform’s Resource menu, resource definition page’s “Access Public Key” is the place public ssh key is used to store to populate in a cluster. We strongly recommend users to remove the Public SSH key from the resource definition page, to your account’s authentication tab.  The public SSH key stored at the authentication location is made available to all the resource definitions, which makes it easier for you._

The above is why that step is in there.

Reviewer: That the guidance I was talking about. They're saying _not_ to add it here,

Author: OK, noted and understood. Updated.

Author: @WalterKolczynski-NOAA Done.

tab beneath the ``Logs`` section as illustrated below. Once again,
when opening issues related to the NOAA CSP cluster initialization
please include this information.

.. image:: _static/noaacsp_using_2.png

***************************
Running the Global Workflow
***************************

The global-workflow configuration currently requires that all initial
conditions, observations, fixed-files, are staged in the appropriate
paths prior to running the global-workflow. As suggested above, it is
strongly recommended the the user configure their respective
experiments to use the ``/lustre`` file system for the ``EXPDIR`` and
``ROTDIR`` contents. The ``/contrib`` file system is suitable for
compiling and linking the workflow components required of the
global-workflow.

The software stack supporting the ``develop`` branch of the
global-workflow is provided for the user and is located beneath
``/contrib/workflow/spack-stack``. The modules required for the
global-workflow execution may be loaded as follows.

.. code-block:: bash

   user@host:$ module unuse /opt/cray/craype/default/modulefiles
   user@host:$ module unuse /opt/cray/modulefiles

>    user@host:$ module use –a /contrib/global-workflow/spack-stack/miniconda/modulefiles/miniconda

Reviewer: I do not have a `global-workflow` mounted in `/contrib`. I did find the module in `/contrib/global-workflow/spack-stack/miniconda/modulefiles/miniconda`.

>    user@host:$ module use –a /contrib/global-workflow/spack-stack/miniconda/modulefiles/miniconda

Reviewer: I do not have a `global-workflow` mounted in `/contrib`. I did find the module in `/contrib-epic/spack-stack/modulefiles/core/miniconda/` though.

Author: I think this is because you are using a different group than I (I am using `cpldcld`).

You could probably use the `miniconda` that you are point to, but it's not sustainable long term. 

My plan is to build against EPIC stack once everyone gets through the RTD draft.

Reviewer: Nope, this is with `ca-ufs-cmd`
